While thinking about your most recent experience with [COMPANY], how was the quality of customer service you received?
The process for getting your concerns resolved was:
Now please think about the features and benefits of the [PRODUCT] itself. How satisfied are you with the [PRODUCT]:
The following questions pertain to the customer service representative you spoke with most recently. Please indicate whether you agree or disagree with the following statements
How well did our products meet your expectations?
Please rate our products or services for the following parameters:
Considering your complete experience with our company, how likely would you be to recommend us to a friend or colleague?
How was your experience in the following areas of our customer service:
How often do you use our product / service?
Considering your complete experience with our company, how likely would you be to recommend our products to a friend or colleague?
Did you find what you were looking for at the [Store]?
How likely are you to refer this seminar to your friend or colleague?
If our company name comes up in a conversation with your friends/colleagues, how would you describe us?
Have you ever faced an issue while purchasing with our company?
If you have faced an issue with our company, was it resolved quickly?
How fast have we been able to address and resolve your issues?
Would you be purchasing any of our products again?
How well did we understand your questions and concern?
How do you prefer to get information about our products?
How would you rate the interaction you had with our salesman, on a scale of 1-5?
Can you rate how likely you are to recommend our brand to a friend or family member on a scale of 0-10?
How easy was it to solve your issue with us?
Why did you feel you had an overwhelmingly positive experience? 
How can we improve this product?
How long have you been using the product?
Which alternatives did you consider before purchasing the product?
How often do you use the product or service?
Does the product help you achieve your goals?
What is your favorite tool or portion of the product or service?
What would you improve if you could?
Which product features do you consider the most valuable?
Which product feature do you use most often in your day-to-day?
What points of friction have you encountered while using the product?
If there was one new feature you could suggest, what would it be and why?
How old are you?
Where are you located?
If applicable, what gender do you identify as?
What is your employment status?
What is your marital status and do you have children?
What is your level of education?
What is your approximate annual household income?
Where do you work and what’s your job title?
What industry are you in?
Do you prefer to shop on your phone or your laptop?
What’s your most important priority when (insert something related to your industry)?
What’s your biggest roadblock when (insert something related to your product)?
How much time do you spend on (insert social media platform you’d like to use for advertising)?
How much does sustainability matter to you in purchasing a product?
How do you feel about (insert product type)?
What do you dislike about (insert product type)?
How many hours a day do you spend doing (insert something that relates to your product)?
On a scale of 1 to 10, how satisfied are you with your in-store experience today?
How likely are you to recommend (insert product or service) to others?
Rate your satisfaction with our team in resolving your issue.
Did you feel that our team answered your inquiry promptly?
Do you agree or disagree that your issue was effectively resolved?
How likely are you to purchase again from us?
How likely are you to return to our website?
In your own words, describe how you feel about (insert company name or product here).
How can we improve your experience with the company?
What's working for you and why?
What can our employees do better?
How can our employees better support your business’s/your goals?
How can we improve your experience with the website or the in-store location?
Why did you choose our product over a competitor’s?
What would be one word you’d use to describe us and why?
Do you have any additional comments or feedback for us?
May we contact you to follow up on these responses?
In the future, would you be willing to take this survey again?
If we were to update (insert product feature here), could we reach back out to talk about these changes?
Can we connect you with a customer success manager via chat?
Would you be open to discussing upgrade options for your product?
Can we send you a list of useful resources for getting the most out of your product?
How [satisfied] are you with the content on this website?
Did you find [the information] you were looking for?
How would you rate your experience with [sales rep]?
How well did the [sales rep] understand your needs?
How well did the [demo cover/chat answer] your pricing questions?